<div style="text-align: right"><h4>1/23</h4></div>
#1st Class - Introduction

1. Forum available for questions, feel free to answer
2. Syllabus available on CSNS

####Tentative Schedule
Final Exam is TBD

* Week 1: Intro to JavaScript, Values, Types and Operators, Installing and Running Node.js
* Week 2: Control Flow, Functions
* Week 3: Data Structures: Objects and Arrays, Homework 1
* Week 4: Higher-order Functions
* Week 5: The Secret Life of Objects
* Week 6: The Secret Life of Objects, Continued, Homework 2
* Week 7: Bugs and Error Handling
* Week 8: JavaScript and the Browser, The DOM, Forms (Same as 3034 Week 5)
* Week 9: Node.js
* Week 10: MEAN Stack (very brief intro)
* Week 11: MEAN stack
* Week 12: Git, Github, Deploying to Digital Ocean
* Week 13: Git, Github, Deploying to Digital Ocean
* Week 14: Presentations on Programming Paradigms
* Week 15: Presentations on Programming Paradigms

####Grading Scale
92 -100%: A, 87- 91%: A-, 82-86%: B+, 77 to 81%: B, 72-76%: B-, 67-72%: C+, 62-66%: C, 57-61%: C-, 52-56%: D+, 47-51%: D, 42-46%: D-, 41% and below: F

####Class Content Summary
Class will primarily focus on JavaScript, with some sections on functional programming. We will go over some Git usage. Towards the end of the class, we will split into groups and discuss a programming technology, language, or paradigm.

####Layout of Class
Mondays - Lecture
Wednesday - Lab
Break of 10 minutes during class.

####Textbook
Free Textbook - [Main Book](http://eloquentjavascript.net/)
Many other resources available on CSNS


####Grade Composition
The final is based entirely on the presentations of peers. The final presentations take up the entire final two weeks.

* Labs (20%)
* Homework (40% total)
* Final (20%)
* Presentation (20%)

####JS Tidbit
JavaScript allows functions to accept functions as arguments and objects to extend objects. Node.js is a JS environment for non-browser JS.

####MEAN Stack
Mongo, Express, Angular, Node.js, and MVVC

####Final Project
Final project will be a MEAN stack web app deployed to a Digital Ocean Ubuntu machine.

####Main New Paradigms
1. Asynchronous
2. Functional Programming

####Cheating
No sending code to others or copying their code or copying Stack Overflow code beyond 1-2 lines.

 